It's kind of uncomfortable. You're so aggressive up front. My niece is watching the game and how's she going to listen to her father if I drive him back for a sack? It's one of those things. Not really. Usually I'm on the backside. Hopefully this week, I'll play a lot of backside, not front side. Hopefully that works out for me. I don't talk to him too much on the field. I try not to think about that that's my brother right there. Maybe a guy not like you, but like Kam, probably so. You're a little out of shape, but Kam, he's a great athlete. He's been doing a lot of things, he's been working out. I don't really follow Instagram, but somebody told me they showed some pictures and he was showing his abs and stuff. Obviously he's been working out. I think he's going to be ready and he's going to be able to play and make a lot of good plays. I record all the games, and then I watch them when I get back to the house. I always make sure my wife records the games so I can watch it. You like it in a quarterback, especially if he's on your team. When a guy's jovial like that, being able to respond the way he does, it just brings energy to the team when he does that. You see a quarterback get hit and he's laughing, you think 'man, this guy's tough.' He takes the hits and he does the things that he does, and you just have a lot of respect for him. Ehhh. Stuff like that. Moaning sounds. I think we made some mistakes, and as a fan, I could see their perspective. They're not used to us making mistakes, nor are we, so we have to just come back and not make the same mistakes. We have young players and they have to understand the intelligence that it takes to play at this level and how to come back from a loss. When you go out there and you're not ready for it, when they change schemes and things aren't the same as the way we do them in practice, you've got to be able to communicate. I think that's where we lacked last week was communication. Even in a marriage, if you don't communicate, some good things don't happen. In the game we don't communicate, people score touchdowns, and people lose their jobs. At the end of the day, it's about communication in big games. At the end of the day, when those lights come on, you have to be able to communicate with everything going on, fans yelling, you're sweating, getting hit. You've got to be able to talk and make sure that we're on the same page, and I think yesterday we were like a bad marriage. We weren't on the same page and that's what happened to us. Because we weren't on the same page, we didn't get to make the same plays that people are used to seeing. I'm worried from the situation that in the NFL, you have a short lifespan to make money, you have a short lifespan to do great things. In the NFL, one year you can be great, the next year you can be bad, so I just worry about the money situation. When you're losing money in this league, you don't get a chance to make as much money. Your earning power is now. That's the thing that I worry about, that when you're paying the team back, it's coming right out of your pocket after taxes, not pre-taxes. So that's not a good thing. Of course I look, but at the end of the day, my situation is different than his. I've got three kids, I've got a wife. My wife wouldn't let me hold out, so I had to come to work. His situation's different from mine. I respect what he's doing, he respects what I'm doing too. I just come back and try to work as hard as I can and show the team the type of leader I am and the type of person I am, and what I'm willing to do and how far I'm willing to go playing in the games. No, that's not my. My wish is that black lives matter. Nah, my wish is just to come back and get back into the championship situation that we've been known to be in. We've always been on the winning side of things, and losing doesn't feel good. That's the ultimate goal, to get back to Santa Clara and just have a good time. I think Eddie Lacy is slightly overweight, but he's good at what he does. He runs hard and he's just a good back. The things he does, he's harder to bring down. Outside of Marshawn Lynch, I think he's the hardest back to tackle in the NFL. I think you can't have hard feelings, because at the end of the day, the NFL cuts people every day. Everyday. There's some guy right now that thinks he's going to play on Sunday that gets cut on Friday, all because the organization feels like they need to save money. Teams do it all the time, but when the team does it, it's usually called business. When a player does it, it's usually called ungrateful and the fans don't understand it. They don't understand why would a guy want more money in the NFL, isn't he making enough? Enough, you know these guys put their bodies on the line every day and they deal with pain daily, so they want to be compensated fairly. As the market goes up, as any business owner, the market goes up you usually want more money. He's just being a business man. I think the fans don't see it from a business perspective, they see it from the perspective of him being a player, and a player shouldn't think like an owner. At the end of the day, that's the misunderstanding between the players and the fans. The decision was hard for me, until the last day that I decided 'man I'm just going to come back and do what I can do.' At first it was hard to deal with, but I know that if I go out there thinking about something, I'm not going to be able to protect myself. If I'm out there thinking 'oh I can't fall down because they're not going to do this for me.' At the end of the day, you've got to go out there and just play as hard as you can, because the one time you're thinking about something else out there, you'll be knocked out and you'll have a concussion. Hopefully you can get some of Russell Wilson's water so you can feel better. It's different because last year we had the same group of people—some seasons you have no injury and some seasons you have a lot of injuries. I think this is the season that we're having a lot of injuries and we have to come in with the young guys, we can't expect any drop off and let them know that we're depending on them and hopefully they make the same plays as the guys that we lost make. I think our team is ready for the challenge right now. I think our team has the right attitude—we're going about practice the same way that we always do and not trying to make it bigger than what it is. I think we have a lot of great players—Arizona is a good team but they still have to line up and play and we still have to line up and play and we can't let the media or the fans think that the game is already won. We just have to go out there and play. Yeah, I like playing that much but when they pay you a lot of money they want you on the field all the time. That's just how it is. It doesn't bother me. I'm just moving around a lot and trying to make as many plays as I can. I was telling somebody the other day, on this team; statistically you will never be at the top of any position like you want. You won't have the most interceptions, you won't have the most tackles, and you'll just be on a really good defense that will play for each other. I think that's what is so special about this team. I think it comes from Pete. He has a little bit of it in him himself. But also, I think the coach can have it as much as you want, it has to be the players that believe in that. You see so many teams – the guys can jump backdoor and make as many tackles as you want – you can go out there and take that chance but the chance of you taking it and not making the play and risking your team failing – that says a lot. For us to not care about being statistically at the top of the league says a lot about the character of our team and I think that's what different from us is that we actually care about each other and we're buying into to that philosophy. We're almost like the Spurs kind of. For our team, so young, we've had so much success – we already had the big contracts, already been to Pro-Bowl, the All-Pros, all those things, the Super Bowl Championship. For us, it's all about winning. Statistically, we could care less about any of those things; it's all about the W's. I want to be back here 100 percent. I love the team, I love my teammates. I mean Pete Carroll does a great job of letting us play. So I want to be a part of that. I know we can go back and win the Super Bowl again with all of these guys, but it's a business. But I definitely want to be back. I think the funniest thing I saw today was that there were a lot of kids doing Brandon Mebane's dance on the side. A lot of women were asking us to dance and I was like, 'Nope. My wife wouldn't like that very much,' and there were just a lot of people out there today. A black man. My wife doesn't like it because my female fan-base has shot through the roof these days. So many of the linemen are overweight. I'm in shape. I do Total Gym, so I can last a lot longer than them. Behind Denzel, I'm the most attractive. I think we'll be the Paul Bunyans of the NFL. We'll be the best. Russell Wilson got pulled over and the cop got a ticket. I'm never gonna shave, so I won't be in a shaving commercial. But I'd be happy to be in a Rolls Royce commercial. I'm the Michael Phelps of eating chicken, man. I've got eight chicken medals, man. In Beijing! But they told me they were all booked up. I called them back a few minutes later. I said, 'Hey, this is Russell Wilson. I'll be attending your restaurant today. Do you have any tables?' And she was like, 'Yes! We can make a table for you! You were 22-for-30 the other night, 130 quarterback rating!' She knew every stat. I got to the restaurant with my wife and kids, I said, 'Oh, thank you. I'm Russell Wilson.' She was like, 'Good joke.' I said, 'Gotcha.' She took me to the table and they had it roped off. They had sparkling water and everything. You have quinoa, asparagus, kale, au gratin potatoes. If I'm home, we've got some gumbo, we've got some collard greens, we've got that stuffing, fried turkey, fried chicken, pork chops. That's all on one plate. I would study sociology. I like to study different cultures. I probably would write books about different cultures, go from country to country, live in a bunch of different places and study people and enjoy life. I travel every chance I get. In the offseason, I like to go to Hawaii with my wife and kids and just surf and fish and be one with nature. I think every wise person had a beard - Moses, Caesar, Genghis Khan - I'm not saying he was wise, he was a good leader - I was just like, 'Hey when I get a chance, I'm going to grow me a beard. Most important sack dance in history, because I helped the baby boom in Seattle. I've got my cowboy hat on for a reason because my dream is to ride a horse at the Super Bowl. A black horse, an Arabian black horse. I know that they have an Arabian horse here, so if I could get a horse that'd be pretty cool. No, I don't. Why? Do you work for America Online? Nobody even uses that anymore. I'm part of the Twitter, Google generation. That's like picking which kid is going to be most successful. I have three daughters and all my kids are going to be successful, you can't pick one. No sex on Wednesday. I save it all for Sunday, after the game. I really want to look like the richest homeless person I've ever seen. I wake up every day and look in the mirror and say, 'Damn, I look good.' So I can't be stressed. They probably don't have sex for the week, probably eat all the right things, they probably do everything right that week. It's like, 'We're playing the Seahawks. No, baby, not tonight. Maybe Sunday night.' But that's just how it is. It was the best run I've ever seen. I felt like he was running for freedom or something. Boy, he was gone. They haven't had a run like that since the Underground Railroad. It's like you look at a girl who looks like you, and you find out it's your cousin, so you can't go on a date with her even though you'd like to, because she looks like you. But then you see her friend, and her friend's really hot, and you're like, 'that's not my cousin,' so it's good. I would describe it as two angels dancing while chocolate is coming from the heavens on a nice Sunday morning. It feels like the first time you make love. Really good. There is no such thing as discount. This is not Costco, this is not Walmart. Doing exactly the same exact thing we always do: not having sex on Wednesdays, watching Homeland, just chilling. Football is such a small thing. We make it so big. There are so many things going on in the world. If you're a smart person. You take something and make it simple to yourself. As complex as football is, you line up against somebody and you outwill them. All wins feel exactly the same, it's like making love to your wife. I was really trying to get the taxes lower, but that didn't work. It was neat to meet Obama too. I didn't get to teach him the sack dance, but he did want to play me in basketball. I just bought a shotgun. You knock on my door, I want to meet your parents, your gran daddy, I need to see your 401(k). I think the refs are selling jerseys online. They're getting more air time Monday night than the players are. It's just like being in the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory right now. All I see is cameras, lights and chocolates. I see some chocolate ladies. He probably feels like you when you're around all these young journalists. It's about winning. That's all that matters is how you win the game. All the stats are for the media. Y'all can go out and do your fantasy football and say one guy is better than the other guy, you can say who's All-Pro, who's Pro Bowl. Playing in a Super Bowl is way better than a Pro Bowl I can guarantee you. Today, I'm in. Tomorrow I'm out. I gotta call my wife and tell her to put the kids to bed early. It's like Madonna and Marilyn Monroe. Because he likes to drop his lower extremities in big games. I love my wife's booty, I think my wife has the best butt of all time. You get paid to test balls these days, it seems like that's your job to test balls. It's like kissing a girl. It's always better the second time you do it. I don't listen to Katy Perry. She doesn't do it for me. I'm more Beyoncé. I have a cowboy hat on because my dream is to ride a horse at the Super Bowl.
