Huge week coming up. Really exciting to come back home again, we have two games in a row at home, seems cool to us. It's bringing it back to the 12s again, this'll be good stuff. We have a long ways to go to get our ball right, but we're working at it and we're trying to find our ways in every aspect of our game day, improve and clean things up and be more fundamentally sound. It's going to take a really good effort. This is a really exciting team. When you look at, they have players at all the spots that can make things happen, they've had a chance in every game to win, and I can see why. They've just got talent, and they have an attack approach with their offense, and the strength of those receivers and the quarterback. It really drew our attention, so it's a big matchup for us. Excited about this challenge and hopefully we can play really well this weekend, again. No. We don't know, I wish we did. You always know what they've done, you don't know what's going to happen in the game. They just tweak it here and there, move a guy a couple yards to one side or the other, and it changes everything for your indicators and stuff. It's rare that that's the case. We don't even expect to know that stuff. Sometimes you get some, there's tendencies and there's athletes that are so good at what they do that you know the team is going to do that with them. I don't see that happening very often. That's it. They're growing and they're working at it hard. Their confidence is gaining and we're going to see them continue to improve. I don't think we're going to know for another four, five weeks, maybe the half way point of the season. They'll have some background, some history to figure things out and make evaluations and the communication will have been through a lot of stuff by then. If we can keep them together, it'll really help us. They're just progressing. I think I've been talking the exact same way the whole time. Yeah. We knew that they were not going to be a finished product and the start of this game, starting the season off, but we do like their approach and their toughness and the mentality about learning and the discipline that they're trying to generate in their play. They've got all the right stuff to make up a good group, so it's just time. This is a very difficult aspect of our game. Offensive line stuff is the most complicated, and they're just working through it. We're the best we've been. It's the best we've been because of the experience, but still the timing of things is going to improve I think. Our ability to use the seconds on the clock to make the adjustments we have to make, everything can get processed fully, and we can take advantage of that. That's going to improve for us. There's tons more for Russell to learn, there's all kinds of stuff for him to gain. He's just a fourth year guy, if you want to compare him to the guys that are really doing a great job in this league, those guys have played twice as long, and sometimes three times as long as he's played. Just imagine how far along he can come in the years ahead. He's making great progress, he's working at it, but it's still a work in progress, still developing, and that's a cool part of it. We're going to get better. I kind of don't even want to talk about it, it's a no hitter kind of thing around here. I'm really fired up. Fired up. We've worked really hard, I don't know that we're emphasizing any differently or any better, I think our guys are more experienced, they understand, we're making good decisions. Let's see if we can hold on to that. In a time, which is interesting, in a time when the penalties are higher than they've ever been, there we are at the other end of the spectrum again. For some reason, we find ourselves in these situations often. We try to max it out, take advantage of it. It's been something we've always been tuned into. You see us, and we've talked about it before, why we have drafted or picked up a lot of defensive guys for their athleticism and then we try to train them to get athletes before size and girth and all of that. The game is faster, all the athletes are better, and there are a lot more edge type, speed type guys involved in the pass rush, so we have to match that up. That's really what it's all about. With our style of running, we think we can still be very aggressive even though we're athletic because of the movement, because of the ability to stress the line of scrimmage. That's how we've done it over the years. We've got them right where we want them. Maybe it's the rope a dope approach, I don't know. We'd like to be better at the start. We certainly would. We do know that that doesn't determine what happens in the game unless you let it. How you finish is what's important. We're starting to do better. We aren't trying to not make yards and lull them to sleep, that's not the approach. We had a really good week again. This feels like we're in a good rhythm in terms of preparation. The way we're focusing on each day, the guys are really tuned in and really focused like they need to be. We know when we put together a good week like this it gives us a chance to play well. We've still got to go do it and all that, and finish up tomorrow, but things are in order. I think this was much the same. Last week was last week. We kick it into gear Monday. For taking leadership from any group, it would be the D-line. Those guys are really coming back. They had a good week and they're revved up. They've been playing great football for us. It kind of moves around, the group that sets the tempo sometimes. What's really important is that we take this week as this week, it had nothing to do with last week, win or lose. So we've done that, and the players have done a nice job of really digging in. So we're in good shape, but that doesn't change us. We're coming back off these two weeks on the road, really fired up that we were able to go and play well, back to back on the long trips. Guys handled it really well, and played with a lot of energy and all. Playing on the road is obviously just as important as playing at home, but sometimes it becomes a burden and our guys really saw through that and worked through it, and gave us a really great performance the last couple of weeks out. With that, we're fired up to come home, of course. I just got off watching the film, started watching the film of the San Francisco game. I got to see Cleveland's offense, and impressive. They had an impressive game. They did some good things. We're going to have a tremendous challenge trying to figure that out. It's a new team for us, and all that. We'll get into that here as we get into the week. Look forward to it. The focus has come together and the intention of playing for one another is really clear. That's something that really makes a difference on your team. When everything else gets pushed to the side and it's really about giving everything you have to the team, things seem to go to a different level. We've noticed that over the years, for years and years, and it's a very delicate balance. It's hard to get there sometimes, it's hard to fine tune it to get to that point. Once it happens, it's pretty obvious. We have a chance now. We have a chance to finish this season on a really high note. We'll see where that leaves us coming to the post season. Everybody understands how crucial it is that you do it one day at a time, one week at a time. When all that focus comes together, you can really do some special things. That's kind of what we're looking at right now. We have a balance that we really play with. We have a philosophy and an approach that doesn't need to be changed right now. If we were having issues and troubles, maybe something would happen. The whole idea of being a balanced attack is that when you need it, you can go to it. If we need to throw the football more, we will. If we need to run the football more, we will. We'll see how that goes. Right now we're going to stay on course and continue to push our approach and see that we can keep it on a really good track. We know how to predict what's going to happen in a sense. We have a good eye on how this should turn out. We'll see how it goes. I think the stat that's pretty impressive is how hard we are to beat. It's been hard for teams to get a lot of points and get a spread on us. Why that's important is just your consistency. We want to win every game, and we're trying to win every one of them until it's over, but we have made it a challenge for our opponents. I think it goes back to our guys finishing well and giving us a chance, and giving us an opportunity in every game we play, no matter where we go or whatever the situation is. That's something that we take pride in. I don't really like the stat, because it's kind of on the other end of the spectrum of stats. But after a while you look back and it does show that you have staying power and you finish well, and you're working to outlast your opponents in a big way. So I'm proud of that part of it. But I don't bring that stat up, until you did. We're really pleased with the week last week and the game, getting a win and positioning ourselves in the playoffs. The guys had a lot of fun with that today and we're fired up about it. A good solid game again, nothing changed. We're looking at the film in terms of what we felt, it was a real nice effort across the board. Always areas to improve, and we're going to keep on trying to keep getting better fundamentally as we finish this thing up and there's a lot of stuff for us to work at. We'll keep going this week. There's a lot. There's a lot of stuff that goes into that, a lot of different people, a lot of different feelings and leadership on the team, the leadership by the coaches. A lot of things have to come together and get right. You have to get rid of the problems and the issues, and people trying to achieve. Everybody's working hard, everybody wants to do well. Nobody's trying to hold back or anything. It has to find a balance and there's a harmony to it that's finally tuned. It's like tuning in on the radio dial. You've got to get it right. It's a big challenge. It's what everybody's seeking as they go through these seasons. You can see it. Look what happened to, look how they've turned it around and got going, and put together a great year and a great run. It finally hits, and you try to hold on to it as long as you can. I think giving up on your way, giving up on your philosophy and your approach. I don't think that's the way to go. I think you've got to stay with what you know and stay the course and make it work out for you. That doesn't mean that you don't adapt. You're always adjusting and adapting, but the main themes that you live by, you need to stay true to it. Teams that try to make a big shift, if they can do it, maybe a team becomes a big passing team and all that, it'll hold up for a while. But it's hard to maintain. You need the real foundation of your thinking and your approach so that you can answer your problems and your questions as they come. I think so. It's when you haven't had success in your background, it's much more difficult because the belief is maybe not as deeply embedded. When you're reaching down in there pulling down the guys that know and it's harder when it's not firmly cemented in there. That's an everyday effort for us. Every day. We're trying to show that the guys can do that, but also to inspire other guys. On the play you're talking about, watch. He flies on that same play. Both those guys were highlighting that play, just to do exactly what you're showing. That is what we're after. We're always after complete effort, total effort. Every step a guy takes, we want it to be full speed, doing his job, chasing the ball or moving the thing down the field. That's not what comes natural. That's not a natural thing. That's something that people have to learn and acquire the mentality for. Some guys are better than others, but human nature takes you the easy way out, what's the easiest way to get through something. That's not giving effort like that, that's not being driven to do that. It's a constant endeavor for coaches to try and find teams ways to play with complete effort. I've been committed to that for a long time, and it's every day. You never have it. It's always very fleeting, it can leave you in a moment. That's why the guys that it really comes, they have more of a knack for it. The guys that really have that high motor, we champion those guys. A really fun guy to watch, watch how played yesterday. Played really hard yesterday. He had tons of plays that he was giving up great effort, it didn't always show up always on the stats, but his effort, his intensity at the line of scrimmage, chasing the football was really good. Those were the best that he's done. He's good at it. He's got a good motor any way. I thought that was really fun to watch that. We were going at it. There was reason to just take a knee that I think a lot of people would think is common, a common thought. So we just experimented with a little play, see what would happen, see if we would get a little momentum. Russell put the ball on the edge and we got some yards, got the clock stopped. We realized there was only a play or two left, so we had a thought. There was a big discussion about that, yeah. There's differing opinions, which was good, so we went for it. It's working great. This time of year, you have a lot stuff you're committed to. You have your base philosophy approach in your offense and things that you run, things that guys are good at, with special consideration for the quarterback always. You want to do things that he really has at hand and you can count on him to execute really well. With that thought, this is nothing new in football. You try to come at it in different ways and not give the defense the opportunity to know where you're coming from and all that as best you can. You've got to stay with what you know. It's rare that you would change drastically in concept. We're just trying to put a little coating on it, a little icing on the cake and make stuff look a little bit differently, and tweak and add as we need to, to make that happen. It's not always just the formations. It's the same look and running different things out of the same looks that you can come back to the basic things that you wanted to do. 
