Yeah I mean, it's the same take I've always had. You study the game long enough, you get everybody on the same page, people understand what's coming, the way it's coming, the formations, the adjustments, the hand signals, the depth of the quarterback, the depth of the running back, everybody gets on the same page it can make for really good defense when guys communicate and understand the plays. I would say offenses are doing the most they've ever done. With the complexity, the routes, the picks, the deep balls, everything they're doing is pretty complex. But defenses are also getting smarter and smarter, players are understanding what's coming. I don't know, I don't think anybody gets more. It's been years since we practiced against each other, too. But I don't think it gives anybody the advantage. I think it's going to be fun, it makes it more fun, it makes it more like a chess match. You understand the moves that are coming. You understand the strengths, the weaknesses, and how they're going to try to attack you, and you try to counter it, and then they counter it, it's going to be a lot of fun. There's not too much complexity in defenses overall. I mean it can't be too complex. I said defensive players are just getting smarter, at understanding what's coming, understanding how to communicate these routes, and watch film together, and the linebackers and the defensive backs are on the same page with a lot of the coverages. I mean simplicity sometimes eliminates a lot of the issues because you don't trick yourself out of where you're supposed to be, you don't try to fool yourself out of your coverage, or disguise yourself out of the coverage. You know, you do your job effectively, you do what you do well, and if it works well enough, I think the teams that are usually standing at the end have a common thread in that way. No, I hate playing at night. I feel like it's a day wasted. I just haven't had many opportunities. Show me an opportunity I have to do something. I just haven't had much of an opportunity to do anything. I guess if the world's been more quiet, then I've been more quiet. The opportunities just haven't presented themselves. Those were perfect opportunities, and then you can't do the same trick twice. You just do your job. You step and you kick, you get your hands on him, and you cover him. I don't think anything has to change, I think you just make sure you're in the positions you're supposed to be in. It's incredibly difficult if you haven't ever done it. If you've never done it, it's one of the harder things to do in football because you have somebody incredibly fast and athletic running at you and you have to stand there at the line of scrimmage almost flat-footed. It's tough for some guys. We understand what happened in the games. We understand that we have the chance to win each game we're in. Like I said before, it's not like we're getting blown out of these games. Guys understand that you win some, you lose some. Sometimes you don't get the break, sometimes you do. Guys keep going. Sometimes the ball bounces your way. It's not from lack of effort. Guys are going out there and playing as hard as you can and doing everything they can to get the job done. Sometimes you get the call, sometimes you get the ball's bounce, sometimes you get a fumble that's not an incomplete pass and sometimes they give you the fumble. That changes the outcome of games, and sometimes they don't. Sometimes you make a play and it's an incomplete pass and not a fumble. Makes a difference. I mean, human body is a human body. At the end of the day, we're playing as hard as we can. We don't make any excuses for anything. Guys are still out there, we're still capable. At the end of the day, you've just got to make it happen, regardless of the circumstances, regardless of if you've been out there for 40 minutes or 45 minutes of the game, you've got to make it happen. That's what we depend on ourselves to do. Unfortunately, we weren't able to do it last week. You cannot. You cannot. You go out there and play the game the same way each week, relatively. At the end of the day, it is what it is. It's very subjective. It's subjective. Each ref is going to call it different. Everybody sees things differently, you just keep playing your game. We just went to the Super Bowl, and we all got paid that year, so you can say anything to make anything. I think at the end of the day, critics are people with no talent, judging other people with talent. You really take note. You don't get anything out of that. If you let people like that dictate your emotions, you're really going to have a tough life. Guys don't buy into that at all. I think there's always time, especially with our team. We always find a way to get things done. If nothing else, guys are going give everything they've got to the last whistle, to the last zero, and see where the chips fall. We always feel like we've got to win every game. Last year, we felt like we had to win every game. This year it comes down to the same thing. The year before that, to secure the NFC west, I think it came down to the last couple games. At the end of the day, you always feel like you have to win every game. You don't go into games thinking 'oh this is going to be an easy one. This one can go either way.' The mindset doesn't change in that matter. You can't call it luck, but it's how the ball bounces. Sometimes the ball bounces like that, sometimes you tip a ball away and it tips right back behind you to the guy. That's kind of a microcosm of how that game kind of went. At the end of the day, it's not going to discourage me. I'm going to go out there next ball the same way and try to make a play, and guys are going to continue to play hard. I go out there and do my job, whatever they ask me to do. I don't change that for anybody because I think that's when you get caught up looking forward to things, and get caught up in the peaks and the valleys of a season. I'm going to get up for this guy, I'm not going to get up for this guy. We don't have to worry about these guys. You've got to worry about them all. The same way you always do with everything else. Nobody's perfect. Everybody makes their mistakes. You have your ups and your downs and you support them. If we only supported him in the good times, who would we be? We support him through good and bad, just like he would support us through good and bad. Those things happen to the best of us. We've all gotten passes caught on us, we've all given up a pass here and there. It's how you bounce back that matters, and I think he's going to bounce back well. Well he has two teeth now, so we're going to let him feel a little turkey in him. I don't think it's right to not give him turkey. I don't think he's going to let us put it on our plate without giving him a little bit. It'll be awesome. That's obviously one of the things you're thankful for, and you look back and think about what's changed since the last Thanksgiving. You're really appreciative of what you have. It's going to be a ton of fun, whenever they let us out of here. That set me up so well, how have you seen him grow, I'm not going to go there though. He's obviously matured. We have a relatively young receiver group and I think he's the leader of the group, and he does a great job of doing his job and setting a great example. Obviously, they're not the most glamorous position, glamorized in the media or anything like that, but they do a great job blocking, doing what they're asked to do, catching the ball on crucial downs in crucial spots, and making sure our team goes. And I think over the years he's gotten a little less angry about it, and just more down to business. Take responsibility, be good at your craft, and appreciate every day and that's what they've done, so I think he's matured in that way. I thought he was going to bigtime us when he moved on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky, but it hasn't changed. I think we've done things a certain way for this entire time and he hasn't changed that much. Obviously he's the play-caller now, but he's still on the field, he's still going over corrections with us, breaking down film. So I think we feel there's continuity there, but obviously he has a greater role in the defense and we understand that. So there's a little change but not much. Just like when you win a Super Bowl, you get rid of the feeling. You celebrate it for a couple days, you enjoy the feeling, then you get ready for next year, because it's not going to win you any games. And when you lose a Super Bowl, you deal with it for a few days and you get over it, because it's not going to win you or lose you any games the next year. So you have to start off every year fresh. I think that's what our guys our doing. There's some motivation for some guys I'm sure, but for myself it's just another year, you find other motivations. I'm good with it. I'm good with it. You get your opportunities, and when they come – you know I've had my fair share. I drop one in the Cincinnati game and that was unfortunate, but like I said, they'll come when they come. You don't concern yourself with things like that. Some people will start to gamble and things like that. We're just going to continue to play sound defense and let the chips fall where they may. It doesn't really mean much to me. That's a fun stat I'm sure. But no, nothing's been different. I think teams are trying a lot of underneath stuff, and if people don't know the playcalls sometimes it's hard to dictate who's supposed to be where. But I'm sure those guys do their best, and I have no problem with it. I'm not going to miss either, because I think I'm still playing. When you're playing this game, you try not to worry about other people as much as you worry about what you can do and what your team does. I think at the end of the day we go out there and control what we can control. So I don't think I think about either of those guys very much. Because we know who we are. Obviously they don't if they're concerned. When you win – sometimes you've got to treat the fans and the critics just the same, because they don't know any better. They see what they see, they hear what they hear, and they sometimes – it's easy to pass judgement. But we're going to go out there every game and we're going to continue to execute. We're going to continue to be who we are, and hopefully the chips will fall our way more often. There's no problem with people being concerned and things like that, but if all is lost for them, they're probably the only ones giving up faith. The guys in this building feel the same way as they always have. Go out there and play the game. He's had a rough go about it. Just go out there and play your game. I think sometimes you need to leave the off-the-field stuff off the field, and go on the field and leave it out there. You know how to play the game. The same size it always is. Not anything to be concerned about on our end. I think we're a hard team to rattle, a hard team to get down, because we take it one game at a time. You don't win all of the games, and I think sometimes these moments kind of help you improve as a team. I think we appreciate that. We appreciate how tough it is this year. We're in a lot of these games. It would be a different story if we were getting blown out by 40 points every week and there was no way to fix it. But you know, there's one mistake, one play here or there that guys just need to clean up and correct and we're right on it. I can't act like I care now when I acted like I didn't care before. I really, I didn't care then, and I still don't. Like I said, I'm all about helping our team and doing what I have to do to help our team win ball games. If that's what I'm asked to do, then that's what I'll do. I've never been a selfish player, somebody who gets to call the plays, unfortunately. If I did, who knows what I'd be doing. Unlike a lot of the fans and critics think, I do not call plays. As long as that's the case, I'll keep doing my job and keep doing what I'm asked to do. It's not something we think about. We keep points off the board. We keep you from getting yards. I think we're top two or three in most categories. So that's really all the game comes down to.  I mean, you get a lot of turnovers and giving up a bunch of points is not really worth it, is it? So you know, you've got to keep the points off the board, and that's what we're focused on. I see every NFL game being difficult. If you learn nothing else watching football, playing football, being a part of it, is that anything can happen on any given Sunday and you should never sleep on anybody. Great teams fall all the time. A lot of people didn't think San [Francisco] would win last week. I'm sure you guys predicted that. And if you bet your last dollar on it, you're broke. Every game is different. There's different personnels, there's different matchups. Every team matches up differently, so you've got to respect everyone. I've had a plan the whole time. I think that's the only way you get through life. Obviously, there are some things you have to react to and deal with on the fly, but if you have a plan, I think things are executed better. It's going according to plan so far. The plan was always to help people, especially off the field. Do as much as you can, especially coming from the neighborhood I came from, from the upbringing I came from, with the family I have. You always feel like if you have a dollar, you have at least fifty cents you can give somebody. You can really help somebody. I understand every day where my meal's coming from and where I lay my head at night, and a lot of people don't know that. You want to help those people, you want to try your best to give them a chance. Help people. Treat people how you would want to be treated if you were in their situation. Honestly, it was one of those things I guess that's in you. My mom did it. My mom would see someone homeless on the street with a sign and help them out. She'd put them in the car, take them to go get a meal. There were a lot of homeless people in the neighborhood we lived in, they were everywhere. We were friends with them. We were friends with them because they were good people. It's not that they want to be homeless or they're always drug addicts or something like that. Some people just fell on their luck, you miss a couple pay checks or you get fired from your job. Some people are a step away from being homeless. You understand that and you try to treat them like you want to be treated. My parents always taught me at a young age. I've got a press conference every week, so I'm as vocal as they come. You've got to have something to talk about. Like I've always said, I think you guys have tried to make stories out of it. I'm more of a responder. I don't go after anybody, I don't go say hey. If somebody wants to say something outrageous and outlandish to me, I'd happily put them right back in their seat. That's just how it's always been. People say 'oh, he's not as talkative as he once was,' because nobody's been disrespectful. Respect gets respect. Disrespect gets disrespect. It's always been that way, but there's been no disrespect so there's no reason for me to say anything. It's been calm. I've always just done what I'm asked to do. I think people put more into it than what's there. They act like we go out there and say I want to guard this guy, and everybody gets to pick their assignment, and pick the play, and I'm going to call this play for myself so we can go out there and guard these guys like that. It's the game plan. It's the defensive coordinator, it's the DB coaches, the head coach. We have little say-so in the play calls. We go out there and do your job. Anybody criticizing how you do your job, or what way, or who you're guarding, it's also laughable. Those are the same people that say don't be a selfish player, don't be a me-first guy, don't be a me, me, me guy. You're telling me to be a me, me, me, guy. It's fun. I get to play football for a living. I enjoy it every year. I'll enjoy this until they say I can't play anymore. That's the blessing. It's a blessing every day you get to put on the cleats and go out there and do what you love. I've got to say I enjoy it every year since I was shoot, six, seven when I first played flag football. It's been a lot of fun. I think you're only as strong as your weakest link and you don't ever want weak links, even on your practice squad. I think a testament to how strong we've been as a team is that a lot of our practice squad guys that we've had over the years are starting for other teams, are on 53-man active rosters. That really just shows you how great our front office has been finding guys, and they're also very important for practice. They have to give the looks that the other teams give, and I think they've done a phenomenal job this year. Well my brother usually gets it to me. That's what older brothers are there for, to pester you when you don't feel like being pestered. I don't really pay attention to it, but my brother will come up to me like, aw man I told you, you couldn't do this, you couldn't do that. He's been doing it since I was in freaking 7th grade, so you shouldn't expect anything less. He keeps me abreast on everything that's going on.
