I didn't find out until college. I always wondered why everything was so hard, why I was always daydreaming. My teachers always told me, you can do it, you need to pay attention a little harder. It was always something was wrong. I'm glad I'm getting help with it now. Just understanding what I have. I'm not weird. Just a lot of self-esteem issues, frustrations. Yeah. It definitely does. I think everything's the same except personnel. You just see the situations, down and distance and how they want to attack you. You know you just put that in your notes and you go from there. Not really, in my mind. Everybody has their personal battle. If it's a sense of urgency is what you need to get done what you messed up last game and fix it for this game, I feel like everybody's going to tackle this a little different, but not very, very different. I think we just need to understand what we're doing, obviously our job responsibility and be the best communicators we possibly can be. I just think it's an attitude. It's a mindset. You've got to give it up for the next guy. It's not showing up all the time like that. I just think it's kind of tough when you have so much success like we had, and you've been known for this type of player, that type of player. Sometimes you're not who you think you are in some cases. I just think overall, we need to give it up for each other. I think it's better that they're doing a better job than they've done before. We're still there. We're still playing good ball. We're still able to have a chance to win at the end of the game. That's all you can ask for. We know every year is going to get tougher. Everybody wants to beat us. We've just got to get that fire and that determination back, and that desire, that will to win back. I don't know. When you ask me a question like that, I feel like I have to go get a lie detector test and make everybody sit down and say 'are you hungry,' 'are you hungry,' 'are you hungry.' I don't know. That's a tough question. With me, it's not team driven. It's just God and me, what's still there. You're talking about a legacy, trying to be the best to ever do it. It's bunch of goals out there. Yeah, I think we all showered up and forgot about that, so we're on to the next. I think the great thing about this challenge is if we give ourselves a chance, as far as we need to prepare as well as possible. That's the only way we're going to give ourselves a chance to be our best. I learned first-hand last game. I didn't give a chance because I was playing a little timid, because I wasn't fully prepared. So I think just the discipline and everything, we're all connected and we need to keep going in that facet. I think the most important thing was just body language. We weren't really relentless like we've been in the past. We weren't fighting for everything. We weren't really just giving it everything that we have, in my eye. Yeah, you know, it's football. You can't really put your finger on this is the correct formula for this situation because it's bigger than us. It's out of our control. You've just got to play to the final whistle. Usually, in the past when we win the turnover ratio, we always win. But it's a new season, we'll figure it out. Yeah, when you're out there you know the truth deep down inside. It's an ongoing battle. But if you trust yourself it's straight peace out there. You know, you can give your energy to everybody else on the defense. So you know. When you look in the mirror, you know. I don't know. I just know as far as playing on the field, I'm not going to key on one guy and take myself out of the game. I'm going to try to help out as much as possible. Can I share something with y'all? Something I've been meditating on. I don't know, maybe you will want to ask me questions about it, but it's something dealing with faith. There's a scripture, and it says, 'Without faith, it's impossible to please God.' And that gives me great, great faith, and great courage, and makes me want to be bold. So I've been telling myself that all week preparing for this Monday Night Football game. That's it, it's real simple, but it means so much to me. It kind of makes me stronger, as life shows me these situations where I can be that, if that makes sense. My job title is to eliminate the explosives, understand the deep shots, and when you've got a team like this that loves to throw the ball, on Monday night, it's a great challenge for you. Just life in general. You know, you go through the ups and downs, but you definitely have to have a source, so that's my source. I think at this point it's really not about me. I'm just feeding off the guys that are out there, feeding off the coaching staff, just having meetings, just being a part of what's going on. It's really been motivating to me. I'm excited, I'm always excited, especially when it's a nationally televised game. Tate is a great competitor. I watch him on film and I kind of miss him a little bit over here. He was a part of a lot of success that we had early on. But he has great body control, we understand how they want to use him, and we're just going to try to rally, and track him the right way. I think if you look at the big picture of how we move together, that's the biggest thing that stands out to me. We have to move as one. It's one big body out there, it's not just you're playing corner, I'm playing safety, we're actually tied on a string, and whatever concept we're getting, we're able to adapt through communication. I think vision is very, very powerful. When you go into a game with a set plan, and you set goals for yourself, and you see it come to life, it just motivates you for the next week, and that's what that did. As you keep playing the game, and as you keep game planning, as the coaches keep showing you different indicators that you didn't understand the year prior, you start to really get back into the flow of things, and that's going to happen. I like playing in general. I love this game, I love the practice, I just love to see the little details that come to life that makes you, that talks to you, and it kind of makes you and enables you to play faster. I think I'm learning my game, and it's very, very weird, the gifts that God gave me. I don't really know what's coming, it's more of me seeing it, and kind of letting it unfold on its own. So I don't go up there with a certain expectation, like this is what's about to come, I just kind of let it unfold. Yeah, I mean I study, I study hard. I go out there with a certain awareness, but then I just let it fly. I feed off the other guys that are around me, I'm not out there by myself. I couldn't really tell you that. I just believe this game is – I'm a real live football player. I don't really have good social skills. I'm just a football player that loves the game. And when I'm out there that's when I can really socialize. Growth. That's basically it, just growth. I'm glad it happened that way. I'm really just focused on us. It always just matters about us. The way we communicate. Everybody sees the game different. We just need everybody to bring what they see during our week of preparation to that game. When everybody's communicating like that, you cannot cut that stream. Because we're going to adjust to anything. I think so, especially when you're talking about concussions and your brain shaking and stuff like that, and the effects that it has after football, of course. We do a great job of incorporating the rugby style with tackling. I don't feel anything. I don't really feel anything. I don't know how everybody else is feeling, but I don't feel anything. I just think it's a part of the story, every year is different. What a way to turn things around from where we started to now, they just keep going uphill. Just let it happen. It's enough to talk about it, but you really have to let the process take care of itself, keep grinding, keep your head down, and just let it happen. I don't think so. We never really change up what we do on defense. If we change anything, in my mind, it made me a little bit sharper. I depended on Kam to say 'you needed to get on this side or that side.' It put me in my playbook a little bit more, I rely on instinct and Kam was more the mental guy. It was tough. It was very, very tough. You see guys out there flying around, and I'm a competitor. I think they're getting the upper hand on me and I can't do nothing but just sit. I just try to go off to the side and run with my injury as much as possible, just to get myself in shape for the game. God gave me a lot of ability, so I can adapt to whatever I need to. I'm just excited to be out there and whatever I see, I know my body's going to follow. I just think the way we move with rhythm, that was the biggest thing that stuck out to me. He's a vital part of our defense, but we're not focused on that. I think our whole mindset and our concentration is on us, and bringing our best. I think once we get a good feel for everybody, all the pieces that are around us right now, I think we'll be better. I think what you said, it speaks for itself. I think it's a mindset, we're always going to think positive, we're always going to understand that have to get better, and we're going to learn from our mistakes. And when we hit bumps in the road like this, it just fuels our fire. I don't know if it helps as far as a refreshing feeling. I think the refreshing feeling is we get another opportunity, and it's still early in the season and we still can do everything that we want to do. But with him coming back, we definitely have a better fighting chance of doing what we want to do. I think every week there's a sense of urgency. We always take it like it's a championship game and we're always trying to win. We prepare hard. I just think we just keep the pace going. It's going to turn to our favor, it always does. Psychology. He has his ways. He understands all of his players, he can connect with us in all types of ways. But everybody goes through that period of they feel like they don't get what they deserve, but they always come back to the true heart of everything, which is straight love. We all have respect and we all love each other really. It's a lot because you're dealing with an individual person. Everybody's going through their own battles, whether you're battling having a good game and now you've got to go back and do it again. Once you have that good game, everybody's telling you how good you are, so now you're feeling yourself a little bit and sometimes you get out of whack. Sometimes people feel like, it's just a bunch of emotions and feelings involved, but the quicker we can get back to the ones that we need, that's the best that we can do. I think we'll be alright. Trust, because most of the time you don't see each other out there. It's just a feeling. If there's no trust, there's no accountability, ability, we can't contain a quarterback. Everybody has a set job, especially in this defense. We're playing a single safety high, eight men in a box, and everybody has a set role. I think ‑‑ when you're talking about something like that, I'm unique in my own way. I'm not like everybody else. Just because I'm a football player I'm not going to be labeled in that type of whatever y'all think of a football player. I just think you just take outside‑the‑box way of thinking. I think everybody thinks the same, but I think we have a lot of guys that understand who they are and really believe, strong‑minded guys. Strong‑minded guys, man. If you work at something hard enough and you add stuff that you can ‑‑ your body can do from other people's games, that's why we're all so good in that secondary, because we challenge each other in every way possible. The game within the game, footwork, just competition, period. I'm just really having fun, you know, trying to stay focused. This time of the year, this whole football season, I steal my mind away from everything else. I just try to focus on what I've got to do. No, everybody is growing, but with Wags, just killer instinct. Some guys just have that nasty streak to him, and I want another guy beside me with killer instincts. He has that, Sherm has that, Kam has that, and that fired‑up passion is contagious. I think the moral of the story is you're either getting better or you're getting worse. Every year you're going to see the game different, you're going to understand it better, and that's what I take from it. Even though we lost a lot of guys, but the core guys that we kept, that's the guys that's driving this thing. The drum of this team. As long as everything is connected within that core, we're going to be fine. Me personally—I'm all imagination and creativity so this is right up my alley: You just visualize everything—you see yourself making those plays. Even when you're at your locker, you just sit there, and close your eyes. I might go in and out seeing myself making routine plays that everybody think is great. Legacy—I'm grateful for everything that this game brings. Obviously I love it, I put my heart into everything I do when it comes to football and I'm reaping the benefits from it. Me listening to my inner voice. My inner voice is never wrong — so I did it. I feel like that with all the vets. They've found their love again and I'm glad to be a part of that — I think my spirit is very infectious. I just think when you talk to older guys and you see that they really love what they're doing again — I love stuff like that. My initial reaction was that we just laid out the blueprints for them — they saw us play first. I mean that's been a trend — we play a team, the next opponent — the defense has a good understanding of what the offense is trying to do. Also, their two linebackers are great — two high motors, they fly around. “Definitely. I get to enjoy a game that I love, and you just try to get into those game types of zones. Once you get into those in practice you just keep on practicing and when you get in a game it just comes natural, it just happens. Also, we're just having fun, the music is blasting, I'm talking smack to Coach Pete Carroll and Russell Wilson at the same time. So it's just a great atmosphere here. It's all about yourself I think, it's all about you. When you're confident you play confident no matter who you're playing. Everybody is the same, I think it's who prepares well, and I think we prepare better than anybody. I'm just excited for it, and we'll see.
