I think that obviously they are a very active front. They to a lot of different things and come from different directions, which is fine, we see that a lot. I think the biggest thing is just making sure that throughout the week we're getting prepared the right way. We're doing a phenomenal job of that so far, and just the meeting with the offensive linemen today this morning, and yesterday some too, as well, just getting prepared. The key is having great practices, and getting prepared for that. I have a great relationship – you've got to remember, obviously Fred Jackson being here all year I've grown really close to him and his family. The things that he does, I think he's a tremendous football player. So I know exactly what he's going to do and how he's going to play. He's going to play at a high level. And then Christine Michael too, as well. I've played with him for three years now or something like that. So I've been around him a lot. I guess the only newbie is Bryce Brown, but he's played a lot of football too. I'm not concerned about it at all. I'm excited for those guys. Great opportunity for those guys to step up, and the next man up. We're going to do a good job of that. Every week's different. You just kind of play the game how it is played. I just go through my progressions and trust it, and if it's not there try to extend the play and make something positive happen. Different teams try to spy, some teams don't, some teams play zone, it's a mixture. That's what makes the game fun. You get to go out there every week, you never know what you're necessarily going to get. It's one of those things where you get excited about that. The key is just execution. I think we've improved drastically. The biggest thing is I think the offensive line is doing a phenomenal job. You can't get any better really in terms of how they're playing. It's so exciting to see the leadership up front, from every guy up front, and what they're trying to do and their preparation. They're doing a great, great job up there. Then the receivers have been lights out for us, and the tight ends too, as well, and the running backs. Especially with the situations we've had. Obviously, losing Marshawn Lynch, and then Jimmy Graham, which was a huge loss for us, and then Thomas Rawls just recently. Guys have had to step up, and they've played at such a high level. Think about Doug Baldwin, he's playing at an All-Pro Pro Bowl level. He's doing everything that he can just to execute the play and do a great job. He's an all-purpose player. Then you think about Tyler Lockett, he's really stepped up. Jermaine Kearse has made a lot of big catches for us, and always does. Luke Willson and Cooper Helfet has played well. I think the big x-factor for us that has played really well is Fred Jackson, that I keep going back to. His consistency and his approach every week, and his leadership, it's been a lot of fun to play with him. I definitely think we've improved a lot. I also said to you guys not too long ago, I don't think we were that far off either. We had a lot of games where we were close. We had a lot of games where we were just a little bit short, played a lot of great teams and fell short just barely right at the end. So I don't think we were that far off. I think that what it came down to is just execution and making the bigtime plays, and getting those touchdowns in the end zone. We got down there, we've been able to score more in the red zone, been able to be great on third down. It's that simple. Can you be great on third down, can you be great in the red zone. If you can do those things, you give yourself a great chance. I think every relationship continues to grow the more time you spend with guys. But Doug and I are really close. It's been a lot of fun. This year has been a blast just playing with him. The type of player that he is, he can do so many different things for us. His leadership in this room, in terms of the receiver room, the quarterbacks, and just us meeting, it's been a lot of fun. He leads those other receivers, same with Jermaine [Kearse] too, as well. That relationship is really, really close, so it's a joy to play with him. Then just as a person I think he's one of the best guys you can possibly know, so it's been fun. I think everybody's playing better. Everybody across the board is playing better. I think that it starts with the offensive line, I think they're doing a phenomenal job. I think the tight ends are doing a great job. The receivers are doing a phenomenal job. And then the running backs too, as well. Then I believe I'm playing a little bit better too. So it's a collective group, it's a collective effort. I think that we're playing in unison, we're definitely together and doing that. We're playing like a well-oiled machine right now, we have to continue that though. We have to continue to prepare the right way and play together, and be in sync. That's hard to give you a percentage. I think that it's all kind of together, it's all in sync honestly. Every play is a matchup play, every play you want to find the best matchup. It's one of those things, but it's also scheme and understanding what they're trying to do. Understanding what the defense is trying to do, and then ultimately it comes down to execution. It comes down to execution, you've got to make your layups, you've got to make the three-pointers, you've got to make the mid-rangers. So I think that's the thing that we're doing right now. It's really difficult to try to play us right now I think because we're doing so many things well, and we have to continue that. It's a new week. The goal is to go 1-0 this week, and we have a tough team to play in terms of the, and their defense and what they do. I think that we're doing a great job on third down, and ultimately we're scoring touchdowns. It's not just me, it's everybody. Like I said, it's the offensive line, they're doing a tremendous job. It's the receivers, they're making crazy plays all over the field, it's a lot of fun. And then the tight ends too, as well, and the running backs. Those guys make it easier on me, and it's just a lot of fun to play with them. We're doing a really good job, like I said, we're in sync right now. Yeah, the exciting part is simply that we're winning the games. All the stats and all that, that's fun and exciting, obviously everybody wants to play at a high level, but we come here to win. We come here to work to win football games. We enjoy winning. It's one of those things that we want to be around each other and be in sync, and do it at a high level. And play at a high level, and perform at a high level, because that make the game that much more fun. But I think ultimately, it's a collective group effort. That's what makes it so fun. It's not just me out there, it's everybody making the plays. That's the exciting part. The line, and the relationship that we have is so much fun. Then the receivers making plays, the running backs, and the tight ends. Then you have to credit the defense too. The defense is playing lights-out football too. They give us a chance to get the ball back and make plays. I think that in terms of our football team right now, we're playing at a very, very high level because we're playing together. We're in tune with one another. And then ultimately, like I said, it comes down to execution. When you can do all those things and do it at a high level, and prepare the right way, you get a chance to be in sync, and be in unison, and win a lot of football games. I just think it means we haven't done anything yet. We come here to win, we've got a new week this week. That's honestly the only focus that we have. I think that anything else can kind of get distracting. So you keep it very simple when you can just focus on the winning part, and the winning formula of it all. And the winning formula of it all is the preparing, the practice, the tempo that you practice with, the tempo that you play with, the togetherness that you play with, and the joy that you have. The gratefulness that you play with come Sunday. There's only a certain amount of people in the world that get to do what we get to do. That makes it that much more fun on Sundays. I think that I've been fortunate enough to play football and baseball professionally, and just kind of play on a lot of teams. A lot of special teams. This team is very, very special. I think that honestly ever since I've gotten here, just being around the guys and just kind of noticing how Coach incorporates his philosophy, and how we all kind of work together too as well in sync and in unison, I think the whole team is – it makes it fun to play for. I think that ultimately when you focus on that, and you focus on each other rather than just individually or whatever, you give yourself a good chance to win. That's the only thing that I really know. Yeah, you stay the course. I said that a while back and I've said that for a few weeks. That's kind of the biggest thing that I've been saying to myself and saying to the team, and we've all been saying together, is stay the course. Ultimately, when you know that you prepare the right way, when you know you're preparing at a championship level. Like I said, we've lost some tough games. We've lost very, very close games. Which we hate losing, but ultimately our focus is still can we prepare the right way, can we get ready for this week, and this week only. Then everything else, it will decide down the road. The line is super fine. It's one of those things where it comes down to execution. It comes down to game-altering plays. I call them ‘GAP' plays. The plays that make the difference in a game. It comes down to third and ten, and Doug catching the ball and running, breaking away and getting in the end zone against the Steelers. It comes down to just that one extra block. It comes down to Kam Chancellor knocking the ball out. It comes down to just the little details. As you're visualizing great plays, it comes down to Richard Sherman tipping the ball in the NFC Championship game a few years ago, tipping it up to Malcolm [Smith]. It comes down to those things. It comes down to Jermaine Kearse catching a touchdown against the 49ers. It comes down to those little details. It comes down to just making sure that we're getting first downs and staying on the field. We've got a lot of great players on offense. Through the bye week and thinking about things, just trying to find a way to get the ball to the right guy at the right time, and trying to get the ball to the guys who can make the plays. Just facilitate the ball to the right guy, and allow those guys to make the plays. That's what it's really come down to. So the line is super fine. But I think ultimately, it comes down to the work. It comes down to the passion, it comes down to the fire that you play with on Sundays, and we've been able to play with that game in and game out. Yeah, it's definitely one of the toughest jobs there is in sports. I think one, because of the physical part and the mental part. How much studying and just the physicality of it all, and just trying to make the throws when you've got big bears chasing you pretty much. Guys 6'7 running after you, that's not easy sometimes to stay in there. I think that ultimately though, when you have great players around you, great receivers, and great tight ends, and running backs, and offensive line, and then a great defense too, it makes things easier for you. You trust that, and the hard work that it takes. But you also have to know that playing the quarterback position, there's going to be ups and downs. It's one of those things that it's not an easy position to play because of the mental part of it, and the emotional part of it all. But I think ultimately, you have to be tough. You have to be mentally focused. That's why I always say ignore the noise, because they'll love you one day and hate you the next. So I think that ultimately, I don't play for the media, I don't play for other people, it comes down to you play for your teammates. I'm grateful that God's given me the opportunity to play. And then ultimately I also play for my family. Then obviously when you have great fans too, it makes it fun, that much more fun. But every week you play to win. That's what we've come here to do. That's our focus this week, going 1-0 every week. I've said it over and over again, and I'll say it until my career stops. It's just kind of one of those things. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. Go Hawks. I think just finding ways to get the first down, whatever it takes. That's really the ultimate goal. If it's third and three, get three, three and a half and keep the chains moving and stay on the field as much as we can. We've got a lot of great players, we want to stay on the field as much as we can, make it tough on the defense. There's a lot of different ways to do it, and we have to find those ways I don't think there's any more excitement or any less, just because the game is on Thursday. I think that the focus is on the preparation right now and just how we can prepare and get as much studying in as we can in the short hours that we have. That's really our focus right now. Obviously come game time, playing an NFC West team, and the 49ers are a great, great football team, a team that's very physical and plays great football. We know it's going to be a battle playing on the road, so we're looking forward to that part of it. Right now the focus is on the preparation. I think Thursday games can be challenging depending on how you look at it. I think for us, we look forward to the opportunity, we look forward to the challenge of basically cramming your study in and watch as much film as you can. We do a great job, coach does a great job with us in terms of physically preparing for that and giving us some rest, but also being mentally so locked in. I think that's the key, especially at this stage. Our team's been together for a while now for the most part, so a lot of it is mental reps and really understanding that, and physically going out there and just executing. I think first of all, in terms of that stat, we've got to get down there more. We haven't been down there that much. I think we've been down there the least amount of times. We've flown over the red zone, run through it sometimes, which is a good thing, but we want to get down there more. We have to be great on third down, we have to be better on third down and get down there more, and give our guys a chance and just punch the football in. That's the key. We're scoring a good amount of points, for the most part but we believe we can score a lot more. That's the thing you look forward to, that's the thing that gets you excited. We're not playing very great football yet, in our opinion. We can do a lot better and we believe that we're going to do that by the way we prepare and by the way that we practice, and hopefully we can. We're right there, it's like you're at the edge and you're almost there. We've just got to keep pushing and keep believing in it. Our mood isn't any different than it's been before. It's a mood of being focused and lasered in on what we need to be focused on. That's trying to go 1-0 this week. Ultimately, that's never going to change for us no matter what our circumstances are, no matter if we're 6-0, if we're 2-4 like we are. We don't look at our record, we're just trying to focus on ‘hey, how can we find a way to win?' Ultimately, winning is a lot more fun, so that's our focus and we want to go out there, and we want to find a way to win. I think that ultimately, just finishing. That's finishing drives, that's finishing our possessions and finishing them in strong ways, finishing them with touchdowns on each drive that we get as much as we can. It's a collective effort throughout the whole team and we believe that we can put it together. There's no reason why not to believe that. We have a lot of great football players, coached extremely well, so we've played some tough teams, but that's not an excuse. We don't take excuses. We have to play great football, and that's one play at a time, being locked in. That's finding a way. I think our effort's phenomenal, I think the guys are tuned in for the most part, and really just trying to work to be great. Ultimately, we just have to transfer it over to the game, and we're doing it for three quarters. Really, we have to do it for the fourth quarter. We have to find a way to finish and find a way to win. I'm grateful, first of all to be able to play quarterback in the National Football League, grateful to be with the guys that we have. I think ultimately when you play this game and you love it so much, the ultimate goal is to win each week. It doesn't matter how we win, whether if it's by one point, or if it's an overtime game or if it's a blowout, whatever it may be. The ultimate goal is to win. That's what you play, you play to win. I think to continue to get the ball out, continue to be firm, and sometimes they're going to get us. It is football, they're going to get us every once in a while. I think ultimately, I think it comes down to capitalizing. Capitalizing on third downs, capitalizing in the red zone, finishing drives, finishing the game the way it needs to be finished, and that's what it really comes down to. I haven't really looked at the numbers. I really honestly don't know in terms of how much we're running it, how much we're not. There's no strategy in not running it or anything like that. We want to run it, sometimes maybe it doesn't look like we're running it because I don't take the football. Sometimes I'm just handing it off because that's the look. I think that's kind of really, we're not having any fear of running it or anything like that. What makes Coach Carroll so great is he's consistent every day. He's a positive demeanor person, he believes in his players, believes in his coaches, believes in the philosophy and we do too. That's kind of our terminology right now, is believing. Believe in one another, the idea of choosing to believe in our circumstances and just believing in the way we prepare. We've done it a high level, and just because you've done it before doesn't mean you'll do it now. You have to continue to put the work in, you have to continue to love it for what it is, continue to be grateful for the opportunity, go out there on Sundays and just enjoy the game and let it loose. We're right there, we've played some tough teams and come down to the wire. We expect that to happen. We expect our games to be tough and we expect to battle until the end, and that's what we're looking forward to.
